add a install doc about released image (#142)
kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins: doc/install.md

# Install Scheduler-plugins

## Table of Contents

>   - [Create Cluster](#create-cluster)
>   - [Install release v0.18.9 and use Coscheduling](#install-release-v0189-and-use-coscheduling)
>     - [Test Coscheduling](#test-coscheduling)
>   - [Uninstall Scheduler-plugins](#uninstall-scheduler-plugins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Create Cluster](#create-cluster)
- [Install release v0.18.9 and use Coscheduling](#install-release-v0189-and-use-coscheduling)
    - [Test Coscheduling](#test-coscheduling)
- [Uninstall Scheduler-plugins](#uninstall-scheduler-plugins)
```

> ## Create Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a Kubernetes Cluster
```

And please update the TOC.

> You need to have a Kubernetes cluster, and the kubectl command-line tool must be configured to communicate with your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly you need to have a Kubernetes cluster, and a `kubectl` command-line tool configured to communicate with the cluster.
```

> Your Kubernetes server must be at or higher than **1.18.9**. To check the version, use `kubectl version`.

Reviewer: We can relax the "patch" version, v1.18.0 should also work fine:

```suggestion
The Kubernetes version must be equal to or greater than **v1.18.0**. To check the version, use `kubectl version --short`.
```

> If you do not already have a cluster, you can create one by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a cluster yet, create one by using one of the following provision tools:
```

* [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/)
* [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/kubeadm/)
* [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/)

> After completing the steps in one of the above guides, return here to continue the deployment. 

Reviewer: I think this sentence can be removed.

## Install release v0.18.9 and use Coscheduling

> 

Reviewer: Add a stanza explaining the main goal of this section.

```
In this section, we will walk you through how to replace the default scheduler 
with the scheduler-plugins image. As the new image is built atop of the default 
scheduler, you won't lose any vanilla Kubernetes scheduling capability; instead, 
a lot of extra out-of-box functionalities (implemented by the plugins in this repo)
can be obtained, such as coscheduling.
```

1. Log on Master node 
   * If your cluster is created by `kind`
     ```bash

>      CONTAINERID=`sudo docker ps | grep control-plane | cut -d ' ' -f 1`
>      sudo docker exec -it $CONTAINERID bash

Reviewer: nit: can be simplified, and use `awk` to get the 1st column may be easier:

```suggestion
     sudo docker exec -it $(docker ps | grep control-plane | awk '{print $1}') bash
```

     ```
  
2. Backup `kube-scheduler.yaml`

   ```bash
   cp /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-scheduler.yaml /etc/kubernetes/kube-scheduler.yaml
   ```

3. Create `/etc/kubernetes/coscheduling-config.yaml`

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1alpha2
   kind: KubeSchedulerConfiguration
   leaderElection:

>      leaderElect: true

Reviewer: Add a comment above:

```
# (Optional) Change true to false if you are not running a HA control-plane.
```

   clientConnection:
     kubeconfig: /etc/kubernetes/scheduler.conf
   profiles:
   - schedulerName: default-scheduler
     plugins:
       queueSort:
         enabled:

>            - name: Coscheduling

Reviewer: Move 2 indents to its left:

```suggestion
         - name: Coscheduling
```

(applies elsewhere)

         disabled:
           - name: "*"
       preFilter:
         enabled:
           - name: Coscheduling
       permit:
         enabled:
           - name: Coscheduling
       unreserve:
         enabled:
           - name: Coscheduling
   ```

>   4. Modify `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-scheduler.yaml` to run Scheduler-plugins with Coscheduling

Reviewer: Add a stanza to explain the changes:

```
Generally, we need to make a couple of changes:

- pass in the composed scheduler-config file via argument `--config`
- (optional) remove duplicated CLI parameters (e.g., `--leader-elect`), as they may have been defined in the config file
- update vanilla Kubernetes scheduler image with scheduler-plugin image
- mount the scheduler config file so as to be readable upon scheduler start
```

          - --authorization-kubeconfig=/etc/kubernetes/scheduler.conf
     +    - --config=/etc/kubernetes/coscheduling-config.yaml
          - --bind-address=127.0.0.1
          - --kubeconfig=/etc/kubernetes/scheduler.conf
          - --leader-elect=true
          - --port=0
     -    image: k8s.gcr.io/kube-scheduler:v1.19.1
     +    image: k8s.gcr.io/scheduler-plugins/kube-scheduler:v0.18.9
          imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
          livenessProbe:
            failureThreshold: 8
     @@ -47,6 +48,9 @@
          - mountPath: /etc/kubernetes/scheduler.conf
            name: kubeconfig
            readOnly: true
     +    - mountPath: /etc/kubernetes/coscheduling-config.yaml
     +      name: coscheduling-config
     +      readOnly: true
        hostNetwork: true
        priorityClassName: system-node-critical
        volumes:
     @@ -54,4 +58,8 @@
            path: /etc/kubernetes/scheduler.conf
            type: FileOrCreate
          name: kubeconfig
     +  - hostPath:
     +      path: /etc/kubernetes/coscheduling-config.yaml
     +      type: File
     +    name: coscheduling-config
      status: {}
     ```
   

> 4. Check kube-scheduler pod running with `k8s.gcr.io/scheduler-plugins/kube-scheduler:v0.18.9`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify that kube-scheduler pod is running properly with a correct image: `k8s.gcr.io/scheduler-plugins/kube-scheduler:v0.18.9`
```

   ```bash
   $ kubectl get pod -n kube-system | grep kube-scheduler
   kube-scheduler-xqcluster-control-plane            1/1     Running   0          3m27s

>    $ kubectl get pods --selector=component=kube-scheduler -n kube-system -o=jsonpath="{.items[0].spec.containers[0].image}"

Reviewer: replace `--selector=` with `-l ` would make the command short :)

   k8s.gcr.io/scheduler-plugins/kube-scheduler:v0.18.9
   ```
### Test Coscheduling

Assume there is 1500m free cpu resource in the cluster.

1. Create a replicaset with `pod-group.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/name: nginx` and `pod-group.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/min-available: "4"`. Each pod acquires 500m cpu.

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: apps/v1
   kind: ReplicaSet
   metadata:
     name: nginx
     namespace: default
     labels:
       app: nginx
   spec:
     replicas: 4
     selector:
       matchLabels:
         app: nginx
     template:
       metadata:
         name: nginx
         labels:
           app: nginx
           pod-group.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/name: nginx
           pod-group.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/min-available: "4"
       spec:
         containers:
         - name: nginx
           image: nginx
           imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
           resources:
             limits:
               cpu: 500m
             requests:
               cpu: 500m
   ```

2. Check pods

>    nginx pods are `Pending`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   All nginx pods are expected to be `Pending` as they cannot be co-scheduled altogether.
```

   ```bash
   $ kubectl get pod -n default
   NAME          READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
   nginx-25797   0/1     Pending   0          2m
   nginx-6fdcm   0/1     Pending   0          2m
   nginx-stcxq   0/1     Pending   0          2m
   nginx-xn25q   0/1     Pending   0          2m
   ```

## Uninstall Scheduler-plugins

1. Delete ReplicaSet
   ```bash
   kubectl delete replicaset -n default nginx
   ```

2. Recover `kube-scheduler.yaml` and delete `coscheduling-config.yaml`

>    * Cluster created by `kubeadm` or `minikube`, log on Master node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If the cluster is created by `kubeadm` or `minikube`, log into Master node:
```

       ```bash
       mv /etc/kubernetes/kube-scheduler.yaml /etc/kubernetes/manifests/
       rm /etc/kubernetes/coscheduling-config.yaml
       ```

>    * Cluster created by `kind`, enter Master's container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If the cluster is created by `kind`, enter the Master's container:
```

       ```bash
       CONTAINERID=`sudo docker ps | grep control-plane | cut -d ' ' -f 1`

>        sudo docker exec -it $CONTAINERID bash

Reviewer: sudo docker exec -it $(docker ps | grep control-plane | awk '{print $1}') bash

     name: system:volume-scheduler
     apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
   ---
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: ConfigMap
   metadata:
     name: coscheduling-config
     namespace: default
   data:
     coscheduling-config.yaml: |
       apiVersion: kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1alpha2
       kind: KubeSchedulerConfiguration
       leaderElection:
         leaderElect: false
       profiles:
       - schedulerName: default-scheduler
         plugins:
           queueSort:
             enabled:
               - name: Coscheduling
             disabled:
               - name: "*"
           preFilter:
             enabled:
               - name: Coscheduling
           permit:
             enabled:
               - name: Coscheduling
           unreserve:
             enabled:
               - name: Coscheduling
   ---
   apiVersion: apps/v1
   kind: Deployment
   metadata:
     name: co-scheduling
     namespace: default
   spec:
     selector:
       matchLabels:
         component: co-scheduling
     replicas: 1
     template:
       metadata:
         labels:
           component: co-scheduling
       spec:
         serviceAccountName: scheduler-plugins
         containers:

>          - args:

Author: Addressed

           - --config=/etc/kubernetes/coscheduling-config.yaml
           image: k8s.gcr.io/scheduler-plugins/kube-scheduler:v0.18.9
           imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
           name: co-scheduling
           command: ['kube-scheduler']
           resources:
             requests:
               cpu: '0.1'
           securityContext:
             privileged: false
           volumeMounts:
           - name: coscheduling-config
             mountPath: /etc/kubernetes
         hostNetwork: false
         hostPID: false
         volumes:
         - name: coscheduling-config
           configMap:
             name: coscheduling-config
   ```

2. Check Coscheduling pod

   ```bash
   $ kubectl get pod -n default | grep co-scheduling
   co-scheduling-95d4d54c6-986bl   1/1     Running      0          17m
   ```

### Stop Kubernetes default scheduler

* Cluster created by `kubeadm` or `minikube`

  1. Log on Master node and move `kube-scheduler.yaml` to upper directory.

     ```bash

>      mv /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-scheduler.yaml /etc/kubernetes/

Reviewer 2: Some concerns.
When the scheduler-plugins is deployed by deployment. And we stop the default-scheduler.
If the scheduler-plugins is abort because of some reasons like node not-ready or other things. Then the scheduler-plugins will be recreated by deployment. But no scheduler can schedule it.

Reviewer 3: We may also replace the static pod by replacing kube-scheduler manifest

Author: @cwdsuzhou @denkensk Agree with you, I will update the doc about modifying /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-scheduler.yaml to avoid this problem.

Author: @cwdsuzhou @denkensk I wrote a new doc about how to modifying /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-scheduler.yaml. Could you help to review it？Thanks.
